the person there's nothing wrong with
that okay it doesn't mean you're a synth
and while I was clearly Carson the
Carson I need a working relationship I
still let him on all right sipping isn't
bad thinking is king [ __ ] okay is
community very much couple which we
encouraged you're a king if you're if
you're not afraid to finish
[Music]
the most fundamental evil in a given
situation is not necessarily the most
important evil in this strange tale that
is unfolded on the Internet
I think the most important evil is
pretending that you don't have a
boyfriend when you do know I'm gonna
tell you something scandalous about my
main girl Melissa here who's sitting
off-camera when she first started
talking to me she had a boyfriend but
she never lied she never said a word of
a lie she didn't deceive me in any way
and I think we were completely honest
with one another I was just very good at
like that low-level telepathy that
consists of interpreting signs and
signals that someone is giving you
completely intentionally you know I mean
one of the turning points early in the
relationship was that Melissa posted she
didn't even send it to me she posted in
a place the Internet where she knew I
would see it a completely nondescript
picture of herself in a winter coat it
was like and the capture was something
like I bought a new winter coat and I
saw that picture I was like she wants to
break up with her boyfriend and get with
I was completely correct this wasn't the
only sign I got you know she wrote to me
about rap music there okay my opinion of
Melissa and the whole path this
relationship might have taken would be
completely different if instead she had
approached me pretending she was single
and then only like several steps into it
revealed oh no actually I have this
boyfriend No
so like because she was real with me and
I was real with her it was like well her
situation was she did have a boyfriend
long-term she didn't think it would work
out they'd already broken up and got
back together a couple times there were
a lot of things wrong with that
situation there are a lot of reasons for
a breakup with him even if I wasn't in
the picture but yeah the situation was
she really wanted me and it's cool and
we made it happened and it's cool I had
a boyfriend at the time the case were
analyzing is a youtuber named Katarina
she also does live streaming blah blah
blah other platforms Katarina was for
the sake of her own success on the
Internet
pretending that she didn't have a
boyfriend whereas in fact she did okay
and then on that basis she built her
fame and she flirted with her audience
and she flirted with other youtubers
other live streamers all these people
waste their lives playing video games
and I'm gonna describe their content
right and sooner or later she hooked one
guy with more than a million subscribers
you're on YouTube a multi million
subscriber youtuber and she got him to
play along and they pretended that they
were boyfriend and girlfriend here on
YouTube also evil his community very
much saw us as a couple which we
encouraged so this guy Carson that's now
an evil that's on his hands also so he
lied to his audience I mean like do they
tell you this but you were lying to any
women who were your potential future
girls there might have been other women
who
actually interest you in real life which
were pretending to have a girlfriend
when you didn't the exact opposite
problem pretending to be to be single
right and you know in the end obviously
this guy got his heart broken only
because and in as much as he lied to
himself like she has apologized and
she's admitted she let him on or she
encouraged him I still let him on she
used the term that she let him on those
not my words she said that she led him
on to be clear but fundamentally the
only reason he was susceptible of this
was that he wasn't just lying to his
audience he was to some extent living a
lie he was to some extent like himself
okay there was a time when I was single
alright there was a time before Melissa
got on that airplane and and came over
to me and you know there was another
youtuber and she can say whatever the
[ __ ] she wants to say you know now in
2020 at that time she was interested in
me I don't what she's the meet the
anteroom but to tell you I think for me
is all the evidence I need she had a
series of conversation with me including
ultimately conversations about meeting
me that would involve airplane tickets
whatever airplane tickets are involved
it's a high-stakes game and that
conversation was progressing toward
airplane tickets and possibly toward
romance but I mean you know like if you
haven't already made up your mind before
you buy an airplane ticket I mean it's
cool it's cool
no pressure if someone tells you
beforehand look I'm just coming on a try
and see basis you know as long as
everyone's honest with each other
there's no wrong way to do there's no
wrong way to read the book of love okay
and then suddenly she makes up this
implausible excuse as to why she can't
make the trip ah and I found out like
maybe a month later that she did have a
boyfriend at that time but in all our
hours of talking it just it
never came up she just never mentioned
him okay yeah I don't care what she'd
say today and you know it's possible
she's someone all I see one day at a
cocktail party I don't care if she now
remembers or rewrites history or mind as
if she was never interested me or as if
we're talking about buying that airplane
ticket as if that were four completely
platonic reasons or four so I don't care
because easy or for other reasons
platonic reasons otherwise thinking you
would have told me you had a boyfriend
right you would have mentioned you would
have been maybe you'll be coming with
your boyfriend I don't know or maybe you
would say whatever the fact that she
concealed the existence of the boyfriend
up to and including that conversation
and that I only found out about her
boyfriend afterwards when she broke up
with him right there was some friction
from that all right that to me tells the
whole story about what she was
concealing and why and I asked her but
you know I waited I waited like two
months after I felt it was like a
three-month kept from memory something
like that I didn't push it right away I
didn't say like it wasn't like she broke
over the part for the next day I'm like
hey look you know but a couple months
later I wrote to her I said you know
something's bothering me
you know we tell you and I we talked a
lot you know we got to know each other x
y&z and then we started talking about
airplane tickets and you never mentioned
you never mentioned that you that you
had a point okay I think that is the
most fundamental evil all right but both
of those two things that we're
contrasting here what they have in
common is that whether you know it or
not whether you're deceiving other
people or not you are living a lie and
living a lie poisons everything else in
your life right this is a great segue to
the third and final point of this video
which is the use and misuse of the
concept of mental health and mental
illness because what now does Katerina
say to justify what she's done wrong or
what she arrested oh of course it's a
mental health problem right and what
what are you doing with this mental
health problem
there might be personalization I'm still
seeing my therapist so what are you
doing in invoking this concept of the
mental health problem it really is like
the proverbial sock puppet like oh it
wasn't me it was my mental health
problem
it was me I didn't do any of this stuff
initially I didn't want this
I didn't desire this I didn't fall in
love with this guy and men do this all
the time I think men are more guilty of
this than one because for men it's so
hard to say I really love that ho it's
so hard to look back and say yeah you
know what I thought she might have been
the one I'd settle down and have kids
with and it turned out to just be a
one-night stand or a one-week whatever
the hell it turned out to be it's so
hard for men to look back and say yeah
in my heart and my mind I was I had
hopes I had dreams I had aspirations I
was you know a lot easier for women to
admit they had feelings they were doing
these things making these decisions in
the basis of emotion on the basis of
desire so oh don't know what do you know
she has she has a mental health problem
and she's talking to a counselor she's
talking to a therapist right so it's not
me I'm not responsible for my decisions
look at the soft
I felt like I was two different people
living two different lives I feel like a
passenger in my own body I don't believe
in mental illness in this sense of the
term okay I think this is as much a
fictional character as Santa Claus and
you know whoever is putting the presents
under your tree you know you may not
know but it ain't him I'm a hundred
percent certain it wasn't Santa Claus
who bought whatever you got for
Christmas however I think there is a
kind of psychopathology to deception
that when you deceive others when you
start living a lie and we see that here
really dramatically shown to us both by
Comey Carson and by katarina and the
saddest thing of all is you know the
only thing that was real in the middle
of this is that for whatever reason
probably there was a real amount romance
between Katarina and Fitz everyone wants
to vilify that and deem
is that a wolf it's his evil or Katerina
was evil because she slept with Fitz
whatever they had at least it was real
whereas both call me Carson and Katerina
were ultimately for clout in order to
entertain a big audience willfully
intentionally and knowingly coming on
camera and living a lie and guess who
got hurt more it was call me Carson
because he was susceptible to wishful
thinking he started living that lie long
enough that he wanted to believe that it
was true
[Music]